---
title: Mobile Money Scam Part 01
date: 2023-03-21 11:40:00 -500
image: https://i.postimg.cc/054hSY63/mobile-money-scam-01.jpg
categories: [Security]
tags: [mobile-money, safety, scam]
---

There's a fraud going on especially with this mobile money (Cashless money or rather Electronic money).
You sit and someone sends you a message which resembles the deposit message from your operator.
Next, you receive a call with someone claiming to have mistakenly sent it and pleads you resend a fraction of it.
Actually it's just a forward message. If you resend, is just your money you send.

---

An advice for you after receiving this kind of calls is "don't check your account balance" , "don't refund", "don't care". Check the source, you'll see it's **not** from the usual source that you get your messages. Sometimes, it's from someone's personal phone number or from a source you don't understand.

> Any operations you make on your account might mistakenly validate the withdrawal message they have sent to your phone! Always read well what the prompt is saying before confirming. If the prompt is asking for something you don't understand or didn't initiate, **cancel it** immediately, before you forget.
{: .prompt-warning}

They always have very pathetic reasons to give you so as to persuade you to send the money back, but once you've noticed it's  not from your operator, consider it to be a scam attempt.

Meanwhile manipulating or checking your accounts, always be vigilant so as not to validate any withdrawal request by mistake.

Everyday, the methods being used become more and more complicated to know, but as someone who regularly follow our updates, we'll get you updated as soon as we know. You can also inform us and we write a short article that helps the others.

Beware and stay safe!
We'll write a more articles on how this is being carried out but as for the moment, keep this in mind and follow up with updates on such tips here at PC Drills .

---

Share with your family and friends and those you care about!
Stay in touch and the full article will be shared within the week.
Thanks.

Would you like such tips daily?
Follow Us & Give feedback please.

[Telegram Channel](https://t.me/pcdrills/)

[Facebook Page](https://facebook.com/pcdrillsofficial/)