---
title: Mobile Money Scam Part 02
date: 2023-03-21 11:40:00 -500
image: https://i.postimg.cc/BbqHPVpL/mobile-money-scam-02.jpg
categories: [Security]
tags: [mobile-money, safety, scam]
---

> Meanwhile on *Mobile Money*,
There is another technique that scammers are using called **JUMPED**
{: .prompt-warning}

## How it works

---

The scammer makes you a **real deposit** with his phone number, it's not a **fake deposit**, he really sends you money (a small sum like 2K or 3K ...). 

Now you can confirm it obviously a legitimate deposit because it's from the right source, with all legitimate information.

However, the way it works is that as soon as the deposit is made, right after that he launches a *withdrawal request on your number (your account)*.

Now, you will certainly be animated by the joy of having received a deposit and you'll obviously want to check your balance. And due to lack of vigilance, you validate his withdrawal request on your account and your account is automatically emptied or half empty.

They just give you 2k or more and ruin you by deducting the amount they like from your account.

## How to stay safe

---

*To defeat this system*, each time you have received a *deposit*, to check your balance, type a *wrong code*, this will cancel all withdrawal requests, then check your balance with your *real code* , this reflex we must have it to avoid being fooled by these *thugs*.

> Always, read and understand before you confirm. Just because you think you are putting the password to check balance doesn't mean that's actually what's going on.
{: .prompt-tip}

This is therefore the place for us to share this message with all our contacts in order to be careful because this *technique* risks doing a lot of damage.



Join us to stay updated with any valuable information we have to share.

---

Follow | [Telegram Channel](https://t.me/pcdrills/) | [Facebook Page](https://facebook.com/pcdrillsofficial/)